My passion for this field really stems from my childhood.
I was given my first computer by my uncle, who passed away a couple of years ago, probably
in 2008, 2007.
And he worked with the Boys and Girls Club in helping the Boys and Girls Club obtain Macintosh
computers that were out of, they were like end of life, but just for the company, the
company was refreshing all of their computers, and because they were refreshing their computers,
they were using these computers and donating them to school or suits to the Boys and Girls
Club.
And at the time he was able to get one for me, and my parents was able to, you know, it
was kind of happy.
They didn't really, you know, use the computer that much, but it really gave me an early
start at the age of like, I don't know, eight or nine years old to play games like, you
know, Paint Shop Pro, and Oregon Trail, and Blaster, and all the other games that were
available, you know, at my fingertips.
Agent USA was another game that I actually played, and I really did enjoy playing that.
I didn't at that time have the opportunity to learn how to program at that time, and
didn't really know everything that was going on in the world of technology, you know, such
as like the rivalry between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates when they were trying to come
up with their, you know, individual, you know, companies, and how big IBM was and how
strong and people thought they were like, infinite at one point.
I didn't understand how the division, the digital divide between different people where
in one of the companies that my uncle worked for was playing to win, and it was a company
that was, that was created by a teacher who was working as a teacher at a private school
and gave up a really comfort job to actually work as a startup or a not-for-profit organization
to help people learn how to use a computer in the, how to use a computer in a world that
was open to making mistakes without, you know, and you were able to learn from each other.
And that, that organization was placed right in East Harlem, and in East Harlem the students
were very excited about learning because they were able to open up their eyes about how to,
you know, to learn different things or even to get a job.
All these things were able to be learned in this particular area.
And I feel that when it comes down to education is that it's great to have education as a part
of your society, learning how to do things, but if it's not applied to some real-world
action, it's pretty hard to keep people engaged.
And I think that that's what I think about me, that I was engaged my entire life because
I knew what I was getting out of it.
So you know, when I went to school for my four-year degree in, when I went to school my
four-degree in graphic design, I didn't really know what I was going to do with the degree
itself.
But I knew the thing that I was learning about, it kept me close to the computer.
Making money was always the difficult thing.
I wasn't able to, making money was always the problem because I didn't really know where
I was going to go to make money in that field.
I felt like if I wanted to make money, it would, it would have to do something deep when I was
doing that was the opposite.
I couldn't work in computers and stuff like that.
And my passion and motivation just stemmed from the fact that I was also in a world that
was changing.
You know, by the time I graduated from my four-year degree at Braddock of College, the iPhone
was coming out.
And the iPhone changed how the web works.
You know, people, a lot of the guidelines and rules and policies had to be changed.
For example, like they, Steve Jobs, didn't accept Adobe Flash because they said it had
a lot of, a lot of loopholes, but it was a lot of security flaws in it.
And it wasn't really a great way to kind of, you know, to just play video or to do any
type of work with the iPhone.
So you know, and that rivalry came out where other companies like the Google Android came
out and they made, they allowed the Flash to be on there.
But eventually the Flash got, you know, deprecated and we don't use it anymore.
But we can see that the world does, our society does influence this technology.
And because society influences technology, we have to take that into account when it comes
down to building out new projects, which is why I want to continue to work as a PhD student.
Because I feel like the only way to really be able to open up my ideas on what I want
to do is going to come from this particular idea, understanding that society and technology
works hand in hand.
