Conclusion, summarize your key points regarding the field, choice, and career
expectations, emphasize your commitment to your career path. So my commitment to my
career path is ultimately bounded by the number of years I spent working in
software development. I believe that society and technology goes hand in
hand and being able to utilize a lot of the technology's strengths and pay
attention to their weaknesses. We can do things such as come up with solutions for
social change. I also would like to get other people involved, especially young
people, to be able to focus on being as computer scientists or working computer
science in the STEM fields and seeing how it actually can work for them. One of the
ways that I would actually would take advantage of these things is by taking
advantage of games that already came out that are already available to us as a
open-source project. You can take these games, you can pick them apart, and you
can use these games as an example to solving a problem or telling a story.
But in order for us to do that, you would need to spend lots and lots of time trying
to get people to understand how it actually works and getting people to
kind of come up with a way to teach people how to learn how to use it. So
it doesn't take up too much of their time.
My problem that I really feel like I struggle with is that I think there's a
lot I want to do and not enough time to actually do it. So I feel like being able
to write this paper, this very essay, and just admit it is a way to kind of put
together my thoughts and see how well it worked. I don't want to really work any
job or job that just gets me by. I want to draw that essay as some sort of
meaning and I can help people to see whether or not it's possible for them as
well. That they can actually change their life around and work on different
things. And I think that between using science and technology as well as
leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning, we'll be able to see
this work for a lot of people. Some people who aren't really technology tech savvy
or people who aren't comfortable with computers or even people who are like
they hate computers like Luddites for example, are losing out or missing out
on the opportunity to see themselves in a way that they've never seen before.
Taking computers or taking technology and applying it to your life rather than
taking over your entire life is the path I would like to take. I just don't
know if anybody is actually willing to do that. So it needs to be in some sort of
like research project that turns into some sort of like not-for-profit that
focuses on this thing as a goal. And I want to be clear that I am also open to
working with other companies or other organizations if I can't do it alone because
I don't think there's any need to do it alone. But I need to address it in a way
that helps me to get in touch with these people because it's very hard to kind
of find a way to talk to these people without the right, without the right I
guess message being played a part of that.
