Choosing my field, explain how you became interested in my chosen field.
So, like I said, an introduction that I was always interested in computer science
because I felt like that was a foundation of understanding
and how computer works and how to work with a computer.
I also figured out that computer science didn't initially start with our modern computer.
And they actually worked with people who were actually holding a computer.
And all the functions, all the numbers were actually computed by a person.
And this was quite interesting to me because I always thought before I got into computer science
that it was always about computers.
And then, you know, within the last few years I watched movies like Hidden Figures
where they talked about how many women were played
and they had a very crucial part in solving our world's problems
by making sure the math was right and wasn't played.
They didn't get their step.
They didn't get their, they were basically not really discriminated,
but their voices wasn't heard and their names wasn't always written on the pages,
on the paper, like how most information was about.
Hidden Figures about the Apollo mission, I believe,
and how there was a lot of racial discrimination and issues like that.
And computers, people were very smart.
And I was able to see that, you know, it didn't really mean that the people who were being shown
as the people who were defined as the heroes or as the scientists
wasn't always the people that were getting the credit.
So that was one of the reasons why I wanted to go ahead and get into that field
because me, I don't believe that there's many people in the field
that has a PhD in computer science and has been able to play a role
in helping other people learning about themselves or who they are.
I also felt that I spent a lot of time, a lot of years in school, too.
I started out in school for graphic design, visual communications
for the specialization in web design.
And so web development was a way of me getting into computer graphics, for example,
that's pretty much what it was, computer programming,
without actually having to take classes in computer science,
which I felt was probably overwhelming for me coming out of high school.
I also spent a lot of time after college.
I mean, after my first four years in school,
getting my graphic design degree, it was a BFA, a Bachelor's in Fine Arts.
I decided to go ahead and return to school to get a degree in computer science.
That was the initial path.
But my school at Sonybrook, it was very difficult to get into the program
and stay in the program long enough to get the computer science degree.
For various reasons, it was just, you know, like that,
retention rate was pretty low at the time.
And I was also offered an opportunity to take a degree in technology system management,
which was basically among the same college that Sonybrook provided for computer science and engineering.
But it was a program that allowed people to take classes in several different categories,
such as information technology, computer science, engineering, business, math, or business engineering,
or engineering for businesses.
That's one of the things that it kind of played attention to.
And then you were also able to focus more on how these pieces actually played a role in our society,
which is why I kind of feel the way I am today about continuing my graduate degree in computer science
and then moving forward and getting my degree in getting my PhD in computer science,
or at least in technology system management, if that was possible as well.
So, I think we can start there.
