Introduction, briefly introduce the essay question.
How did you choose your field
and what are your primary expectations
of your future career?
The significance of my choice of this field
and the future expectations is that I've always been very
interested in computer science and engineering.
I've had a hard time, I guess, applying myself
to getting into the realm of it,
mainly because it always seemed to need huge amounts
of mathematics that I didn't have in school,
especially in high school.
I think I graduated from a religious diploma
and was able to get as far as algebra too
with just basic algebra.
I didn't move into calculus until I got to college.
And I was after several years of self-study and tutoring
and getting through these things through trial and error
through various different schools.
I also spent a lot of my time going away from engineering
and computer science by going into school
for visual communications and graphic design.
Digital communications and graphic design
kind of helped me to stay focused with computers
because I focused, I specialized in web design
and web development.
So I spent a lot of time learning about how to build
the application, web application, how the web works
and how the computers were being transformed
into working with the web.
And most of my, the last six, seven years of my professional
career was in software development as a web developer.
I think that the choice of this field also works
towards the idea that computer science, to me,
the way I understand it is the study of algorithms
and understanding how to apply these algorithms
to solve real world issues.
I believe that as a computer scientist
that I was able to understand a lot about how to solve problems
that there's actually step-by-step processes,
rules and regulations that actually can work
to help me to achieve the goal.
And that the mathematics can be written down using words
or for example, the algorithm can be written down using words
instead of just using mathematical expressions.
So I would like to go ahead and make computer science
and engineering as my foundation for my study
because of the fact that it will help me to explain
or express how my interest and why I think it's important
to be pragmatic and logical when solving issues.
That when a problem for example,
when you go from one step to another step
that you should be trying to break the problem down
into smaller steps when the problem is too large to solve.
And that is why I would prefer to use
this particular approach rather than using another approach
which would be maybe going to school for education
or applied mathematics and statistics
because I feel like it doesn't really pay attention
to what my field of study is actually about.
