How did you choose your field and what are your primary expectations of your future career?
If I'm a second or later year graduate student, should you make your case here by Y Resuming
Fellowship with a little accepting language and the kind of quality of your research?
My research is pretty much going to be working on developing serious games that can help people solve problems
in the same way that people solve problems with video games.
Video games have been, for a long time, been a place that people go to relax, to have entertainment.
Turn on wine. Also, there's this strategy, competitions, but to actually solve real world problems, that's just now being held again.
There's a company out there, a non-profit company called Block by Block, that utilizes Minecraft to build out real world locations
and then get people in both locations to try to talk about how they would solve these problems with actual visual representation.
So they would actually build out the places on how they wanted them to look, why they would want different things to be there.
For example, if they wanted to have street lights on the dark alley, because they would come home from the train station,
they could all see the train station being built, they'll see the street lights, they'll be able to even understand altogether at the same time what is being what's going on.
People can also talk about what these things would actually bring to them and help them feel safe about themselves.
It also helps people, it also unites the community.
I think that that's something that should be done regularly for a lot of different things.
My interest in this computer science stuff has always been about first principles of solving problems, you know, solving my thinking through different problems.
When you get to a part of a problem that's really big, or it's too big for you to solve in one shot, then you need to break them down to small pieces.
I wanted to be able to lay that down into my research as a foundation for building out this game.
The game or the research project would actually help get people to see how that will help people to solve the problem faster rather than trying to solve a problem in one single swoop.
And the impact that I hope to actually get from this particular career is that I'll be able to become an authority in my community to help people to understand on what will actually be necessary for them.
It's very difficult to kind of explain to people your expertise if you don't have an authority over it.
As it's been a long, a lot of time, you know, publishing and collecting information from various resources on how I would actually do this from other people who are also doing it.
And them too seemed to struggle through it. A PhD, I think, would help me to gather the information I actually need, solve some of the problems within my research and then debate or argue my case with actual work that would actually help solve this problem.
Now, one of my problems is that I haven't really built a game from scratch before, but I have built software before, and it's very similar.
One of the things I would want to use is I would want to use the approach of, you know, using a paper prototype that would, you know, pretty much we would try to figure out what physical representation of the game could be used, such as like labels, for example,
that could be used to explain how that would be done and then break that down into pieces that could be turned into, ultimately, you know, it can be turned into a game that could be used for several different reasons.
There's a lot of companies out there that are already doing that, and if, if my case, if my game doesn't lead me to have my own personal game, it would help me to lead me to maybe work in the game.
It's different from one of these companies as well.
But I've always felt that computer science was the key for that, and that people with a computer science degree can basically solve, can be placed in almost any different, any industry because of the fact that they're always solving the same type of problems that most companies have to solve.
And urbanization is one of our biggest problems in our society.
Gaming are, it's going to be the way I think it's going to help us to bring us together, you know, because, because of the fact that, you know, there are more people in areas, cities are more dense, you know, and as a population is increased, there's going to be a lot of problems that we're going to have about, you know, displacements, wholeness, you know, people living in shelters
or living on top of each other, you know, and I don't know how this is going to really ultimately bring us together, but it would be helpful if we could figure it out.
And I'm ready to have a different life than I, and the one I'm having now, which I feel like I'm stagnant.
I have these ideas and dreams, but know where to actually open them up and actually make them work.
And I'm leveraging technology right now to kind of solve these things of my own, but I feel like learning by doing, by getting people to actually put these things together and seeing the evidence and how it works will help us to put these things together.
Creating a visual model that everyone can see is also helpful for this particular, you know, project.
And making the world world produce social change will also help.
Real games has always brought a lot of people together.
It brought me together when I play games such as like Magic the Gathering.
Magic Gathering is a traded card game where people will sit down and play with cards that are considered spell,
and you will have to cast spells against each other, utilizing five different colors.
And each color represents some part of like the elements.
So you would have green would be like forest, white is plains, blue is island, black is swamp, and you know, and you have red is fire.
Each representing like some form of our society or like emotion or some form of how energy is actually put together in the world.
So with that people can create different decks that align with sometimes with how they look at the world or how they look at themselves and they can play the game tremendously well.
