In the year of 2017, 2016 to 2017, I worked as a contract software developer for the airline
called JetBlue.
We spent a lot of time working in a team of maybe 7 to 8 people and some of them were
all offshore, meaning that they weren't working at all, if they weren't somewhere else in
the world.
And we were putting together a redesign of the public, JetBlue.com, along with that,
there were some smaller web applications that needed to have, that was being done, but that
was important to use the building blocks of JetBlue.com as the foundation for building
out the, for building out the new tools that they were going to be using.
For example, there was an application that was being used for a lot of the flight attendants
to share information with the flight crew.
I mean, sorry, with the actual passengers on the plane, so if they wanted to know the
next connecting flight or which flights were actually canceled or not, they were able to
use a tool that would be used on a device such as an iPad or iPhone or some sort of tablet
device that would be connected to some sort of Wi-Fi connection on the plane and would travel
all across the plane in the flight attendants' food carts.
So we spent a lot of time discussing these things, but we had to make a lot of changes
after we found out that the flight attendant had a whole bunch of ideas what they wanted
to do and what they didn't want to do, and that was causing a lot of issues on their,
on our part, because it caused a lot of redesign.
And using the paper prototype, like I said before, allowed us to kind of make a version
of this, just utilizing pen and paper, and eventually we had like a mockup that we had
on the, you know, pictures that we were showing people and how they would, what they actually
needed to have at their disposal when they were talking with customers in the air.
After all that was said and done, it made out, it made out as able to, you know, solve
the problem of getting the application from prototype to, you know, into production in
like, I think six or seven months.
And that really came from that particular idea.
It also came from a web development technique called Scrum, where we kind of, it was a software
development, it's a software development, life cycle framework that you break down the
problems into the weekly scrum, weekly tasks and you kind of work on them, and weekly sprints
or bi-weekly sprints, and everybody has tasks to kind of put these things together.
As a project developer, I mean, as a project manager, but there's also a scrum master that
kind of orchestrates how things go and what things go on, but ultimately everybody on the
team has a voice and enables to kind of put together what they want, you know, to make
their projects done.
And then they also, the tasks that they get, basically, they take for each week or they
also held accountable for that at the end of the week.
So if there's any problems, they usually have a daily, we have a daily meeting that tells
us if there's any blockers and stuff, and we kind of move forward that way.
I like that idea, because it was very transparent.
It helped us to be able to build out what we wanted and how we want to do, and I felt personally
that my voice was being heard.
So I definitely think that this is one of the experiences also that helps me to feel
I want to continue working toward a project that would help with this particular mindset.
